Oblong Lava Pig

medium

# Liquidation process is flawed. missing incentive to call warn
## Summary

Aloe´s Liquidation process s flawed in the way, that there is no incentive for Liquidators to call the warn function, which is required before liquidations. 

## Vulnerability Detail

The Aloe protocol has a Liquidation process, which involves a grace period for the Borrower.
This means, there is a `warn` function, that has to be called, that is setting a `unleashLiquidationTime`. A Liquidation can only be executed when this time is reached.

Problem is, there is no incentive for anyone to call the `warn` function. Only the actual `liquidate` function is inventiviced by giving a 5% incentive in Tokens, if there is a swap required, and always giving a small amount of ETH (ANTE) to cover the gas cost.

A Liquidator that calls the warn function has no guarantee, that he is the one, that actually can call liquidate, when the time has come. Therefore it would be a waste of Gas to call the warn function.

This might result in a situation where nobody is willing to call `warn`, and therefore the borrower will not get liquidated at all, which could ultimately lead to a loss of Funds for the Lender, when the Borrower starts to accrue bad Debt. 

## Impact

- No incentive to call `warn` --> Borrower will not get liquidated
- Loss of funds for Lender, because Borrower might accrue bad debt


## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-aloe/blob/main/aloe-ii/core/src/Borrower.sol#L148-L173

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Incentivice the call of warn, to at least pay a small amount of eth (similiar to the ANTE), to ensure liquidation is going to happen.
