Savory Laurel Urchin

medium

# Borrower.sol#withdrawAnte - transfer()` depends on gas constants
## Summary
transfer() forwards 2300 gas only, which may not be enough in future if the recipient is a contract and gas costs change. it could break existing contracts functionality.
## Vulnerability Detail
1) The destination is a smart contract that doesn’t implement a payable function or it implements a payable function but that function uses more than 2300 gas units.
2) The destination is a smart contract that doesn’t implement a payable fallback function or it implements a payable fallback function but that function uses more than 2300 gas units.
3) The destination is a smart contract but that smart contract is called via an intermediate proxy contract increasing the case requirements to more than 2300 gas units. A further example of unknown destination complexity is that of a multisig wallet that as part of its operation uses more than 2300 gas units.
4) Future changes or forks in Ethereum result in higher gas fees than transfer provides. The .transfer() creates a hard dependency on 2300 gas units being appropriate now and into the future.
## Impact
Since the `transfer()` uses a constant gas cost of 2300 gas which can and will Change which will lead to stuck ethers(coin) in the smart contracts.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-aloe/blob/main/aloe-ii/core/src/Borrower.sol#L434
## Tool used

Manual Review
https://consensys.net/diligence/blog/2019/09/stop-using-soliditys-transfer-now/

## Recommendation
 ```js
 uint256 amount = address(this).balance;
 (bool success, ) = recipient.call.value(amount)("");
 require(success, "Transfer failed.");
```