Fun Currant Poodle

medium

# Loss of rewards due to use of solmate's `safeTransfer`
## Summary
Lenders/Beneficiaries may lose their rewards due to use of solmate's `safeTransfer` for rewardsToken.
## Vulnerability Detail

> Is the admin/owner of the protocol/contracts TRUSTED or RESTRICTED?
> Restricted. The governor address should not be able to steal funds or prevent users from withdrawing.

1. Governor is able to change to `rewardsToken` address to any address (maybe an invalid address) in Factory contract:
```solidity
function governRewardsToken(ERC20 rewardsToken_) external {
        require(msg.sender == GOVERNOR && address(rewardsToken) == address(0));
        rewardsToken = rewardsToken_;
}
```
2. Governor may not change rewardsToken address and keep it 0, because the default value for rewardsToken is 0 after deployment.

In both cases (1 and 2): after calling `claimRewards` the protocol thinks the rewards are sent successfully and sets the lender earned rewards to 0 but actually they are not transferred. (see Factory#claimRewards)

## Impact
Whether the rewardsToken is a valid or invalid address, the protocol thinks the rewards are transferring successfully but actually they are not when it is an invalid address, due to that the lenders/beneficiaries are losing their rewards.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-aloe/blob/b60c21af24738d517941f18f7caa8c7272f771c5/aloe-ii/core/src/Factory.sol#L5
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-aloe/blob/b60c21af24738d517941f18f7caa8c7272f771c5/aloe-ii/core/src/Factory.sol#L238-L242
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-aloe/blob/b60c21af24738d517941f18f7caa8c7272f771c5/aloe-ii/core/src/Factory.sol#L272-L274
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider implementing a code existence check for rewardsToken before setting earned rewards to 0 and make sure the rewardsToken address is a valid address.