Slow Indigo Woodpecker

medium

# Implied Volatility can be manipulated and takes a long time to recover, which can lead to bad debt
## Summary

Implied Volatility (IV) can be manipulated in steps to reach a value close to 0 due to its dependence on spot [`pool.liquidity()`](https://github.com/aloelabs/aloe-ii/blob/c71e7b0cfdec830b1f054486dfe9d58ce407c7a4/core/src/VolatilityOracle.sol#L62). 
Low `IV` indicates low volatility market which allows for a high LTV ratio. As soon as the manipulation stops, the `IV` needs a lot of time to recover to a value which reflects the actual market, as it can only be incremented by a maximum value of `IV_CHANGE_PER_UPDATE` every hour.
This beats the whole purpose of having a dynamic LTV ratio which is supposed to adjust to the market conditions, since it can be manipulated. 

## Vulnerability Detail

Starting point for `IV` as the market is created is the `IV_COLD_START` value.
Since it's possible in a single transaction:
1) Provide liquidity to Uniswap (increasing `pool.liquidity()`).
2) Call `update` on the `VolatilityOracle` and manipulate `IV`.
3) Withdraw liquidity from Uniswap.

If we take the `IV_COLD_START=0.127921282726e12` as a starting point it only takes ~76 hours to bring `IV` close to 0, since `IV_CHANGE_PER_UPDATE = 1666663200` and `IV` is updated every hour.

Setting `IV` to such a small value achieves having LTV ratio at its maximum value. As the manipulation stops `IV` can only be incremented by a maximum value of [`IV_CHANGE_PER_UPDATE` every hour](https://github.com/aloelabs/aloe-ii/blob/c71e7b0cfdec830b1f054486dfe9d58ce407c7a4/core/src/VolatilityOracle.sol#L82).

It would take days for `IV` to recover to a value that reflects the actual market.

Note that a IV manipulation concern has been brought up in the previous BlockSec audit in section 2.2.3: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1aWEkCTTcuEnupf6nbIsqWy38igsj9-Hx/view

The sponsor said that this issue is fixed by having a rate limit for IV to change.

This report goes a step beyond the BlockSec report by showing that the rate limit IS the problem and not the fix.
For when the IV should increase after manipulation, it can take days.

The fix must make manipulation more difficult, as described in the Recommendation section.

## Impact
As the attacker drops the `IV` to a value close to 0, the LTV ratio will be at its maximum value. `IV` is used to calculate the `sqrtScaler` which is clamped to `PROBE_SQRT_SCALER_MIN` and `PROBE_SQRT_SCALER_MAX`.
In practical terms this means that low `IV` result in the LTV ratio being at 90%. Since it takes substantial time to increase the `IV` value as described in the previous section, there is a high likelihood that a spike in price can leave the system in a state of debt. 
The biggest issue lies in the fact that `IV` cannot recover fast enough to detect this. Implied volatility is at the core of the system and was intended to dynamically adjust the LTV ratio to the market conditions. 
Not handling this correctly means each market can be manipulated to a state of maximum LTV for several days. 

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/aloelabs/aloe-ii/blob/c71e7b0cfdec830b1f054486dfe9d58ce407c7a4/core/src/libraries/Volatility.sol#L51
https://github.com/aloelabs/aloe-ii/blob/c71e7b0cfdec830b1f054486dfe9d58ce407c7a4/core/src/VolatilityOracle.sol#L62

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Similar how [`feeGrowthGlobals`](https://github.com/aloelabs/aloe-ii/blob/c71e7b0cfdec830b1f054486dfe9d58ce407c7a4/core/src/VolatilityOracle.sol#L32) are tracked, 
`pool.liquidity()` should be tracked historically and use only historical values while calculating Implied Volatility (IV).
