Melted Charcoal Mantis

medium

# The user is unable to repay `maxRepay`
## Summary
A malicious actor can front-run the `Lender.repay()` function by repaying a small amount of debt, preventing the user from repaying `maxRepay`.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `Lender.repay()` function is susceptible to a front-running vulnerability, a hacker could strategically repay a small amount of their borrowings just before a user attempts to repay a larger sum. By doing so, the hacker could manipulate the system in a way that prevents the affected user from repaying the maximum amount (maxRepay) they intend to settle.
Here's how the attack scenario unfolds:
A malicious actor observes a user's intention to repay a significant amount of their borrowings, leading to a calculated maxRepay.
The attacker quickly initiates a transaction to repay a smaller amount just before the user's repayment transaction is processed.
As a result, the hacker's smaller repayment is processed first, which reduces the available borrow balance and changes the maxRepay value for the user.
When the user's repayment transaction is executed, the maxRepay has already been reduced due to the hacker's earlier repayment. Consequently, the user is unable to repay the intended maximum amount, potentially causing financial inconvenience or disruption.
```solidity
function repay(uint256 amount, address beneficiary) external returns (uint256 units) {
        uint256 b = borrows[beneficiary];

        // Accrue interest and update reserves
        (Cache memory cache, ) = _load();

        unchecked {
            // Convert `amount` to `units`
            units = (amount * BORROWS_SCALER) / cache.borrowIndex;
            if (!(units < b)) {
                units = b - 1;

                uint256 maxRepay = (units * cache.borrowIndex).unsafeDivUp(BORROWS_SCALER);
                require(b > 1 && amount <= maxRepay, "Aloe: repay too much");
            }

            // Track borrows
            borrows[beneficiary] = b - units;
            cache.borrowBase -= units;
        }
        // Assume tokens are transferred
        cache.lastBalance += amount;

        // Save state to storage (thus far, only mappings have been updated, so we must address everything else)
        _save(cache, /* didChangeBorrowBase: */ true);

        // Ensure tokens are transferred
        require(cache.lastBalance <= asset().balanceOf(address(this)), "Aloe: insufficient pre-pay");

        emit Repay(msg.sender, beneficiary, amount, units);
    }

```

## Impact
This front-running vulnerability underscores the importance of implementing transaction-order-independent mechanisms to ensure the fairness and integrity of the system, especially in scenarios involving financial operations and settlements.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-aloe/blob/main/aloe-ii/core/src/Lender.sol#L257-L287
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Similar to the redeem function, when `amount == type(uint256).max`, set amount to `maxRepay`