Melted Charcoal Mantis

high

# Limited ability to revert courier status in the protocol
## Summary
The protocol's enrollCourier function allows users to designate themselves as couriers by setting isCourier[msg.sender] to true, but it lacks a mechanism to revert this status to false. This creates a challenge for users who unintentionally mark themselves as couriers, as the claimRewards function restricts users with isCourier[msg.sender] set to true from claiming rewards. 

## Vulnerability Detail
Within the protocol, the enrollCourier function allows users to set isCourier[msg.sender] to true, designating them as couriers. However, there is no corresponding function or mechanism provided in the protocol to set isCourier[msg.sender] to false. This means that once a user mistakenly or intentionally sets their address as a courier using the enrollCourier function, they have limited options to revert this status.
```solidity
function enrollCourier(uint32 id, uint16 cut) external {
        // Requirements:
        // - `id != 0` because 0 is reserved as the no-courier case
        // - `cut != 0 && cut < 10_000` just means between 0 and 100%
        require(id != 0 && cut != 0 && cut < 10_000);
        // Once an `id` has been enrolled, its info can't be changed
        require(couriers[id].cut == 0);

        couriers[id] = Courier(msg.sender, cut);
        isCourier[msg.sender] = true;

        emit EnrollCourier(id, msg.sender, cut);
    }

```

The problem arises when the user, now marked as a courier, wants to claim rewards through the claimRewards function. In this function, there is a validation check: require(!isCourier[msg.sender]), which ensures that users marked as couriers cannot claim rewards. Given that there is no mechanism to reset isCourier[msg.sender] to false, the user's address will forever be flagged as a courier, and they won't be able to claim rewards, even if they initially marked themselves as a courier unintentionally.
```solidity
 function claimRewards(Lender[] calldata lenders, address beneficiary) external returns (uint256 earned) {
        // Couriers cannot claim rewards because the accounting isn't quite correct for them. Specifically, we
        // save gas by omitting a `Rewards.updateUserState` call for the courier in `Lender._burn`
        require(!isCourier[msg.sender]);

        unchecked {
            uint256 count = lenders.length;
            for (uint256 i = 0; i < count; i++) {
                // Make sure it is, in fact, a `Lender`
                require(peer[address(lenders[i])] != address(0));
                earned += lenders[i].claimRewards(msg.sender);
            }
        }

        rewardsToken.safeTransfer(beneficiary, earned);
    }


```

## Impact
As a result, users who mistakenly or intentionally set their address as a courier might face difficulties in claiming rewards unless they transfer their lender LP tokens to a different address. This limitation can lead to inconvenience and potential loss of rewards for affected users. 


## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-aloe/blob/main/aloe-ii/core/src/Factory.sol#L254-L266
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-aloe/blob/main/aloe-ii/core/src/Factory.sol#L228-L243

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To address this issue, it may be advisable to implement a mechanism that allows users to opt out of the courier status or provide clear instructions on how to handle this situation.
