Melted Charcoal Mantis

high

# Users may risk losing their funds
## Summary
when users accidentally transfer tokens into the protocol or employ multiple accounts to incrementally fund their wallets within the protocol, they may risk losing their funds

## Vulnerability Detail
When a user accidentally transfers tokens into the protocol or when a user employs multiple accounts to incrementally transfer funds into the protocol. For instance, if a user initially transfers 100 tokens using one account and subsequently calls the deposit() function to deposit an additional 200 tokens, the protocol would directly withdraw a total of 200 tokens from the user's address. This means that the 100 tokens previously transferred into the contract will still be present in the protocol.

This accumulated 100 tokens can be exploited by other users, and there are potential risks:

Unintended Allocation: Subsequent users can take advantage of the 100 tokens that have accumulated within the protocol by using them to make deposits.

Misuse of Accumulated Tokens: These accumulated tokens, in this case, the extra 100 tokens, are available in the protocol. Subsequent users can exploit this situation. For example, they can use the accumulated tokens to execute functions like flash(), transferring them to a borrower. Then, they can utilize the borrower to repay borrowed funds, potentially leading to imbalanced or unintended behavior within the protocol.
```solidity
        ERC20 asset_ = asset();
        bool didPrepay = cache.lastBalance <= asset_.balanceOf(address(this));
        if (!didPrepay) {
            asset_.safeTransferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), amount);
        }

```

## Impact
Users may risk losing their funds
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-aloe/blob/main/aloe-ii/core/src/Lender.sol#L151
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Use ` asset_.safeTransferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), cache.lastBalance - asset_.balanceOf(address(this))` instead of ` asset_.safeTransferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), amount)`