Flat Zinc Caribou

medium

# Front-Run Vulnerability Allows DoS For Courier Enrollment
## Summary
A Denial of Service (DoS) attack can be executed against the `enrollCourier` function in `factory.sol` by malicious actors front-running legitimate enrollment requests, thereby preventing desired couriers from enrolling with their intended `id` and essentially nullifying the referral program.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `enrollCourier` function in the factory contract allows couriers to enroll themselves by specifying a unique `id` and a `cut` percentage. However, this design allows malicious actors to front-run legitimate courier enrollments by preemptively enrolling with the same `id` and `cut` with their own address, effectively blocking the legitimate courier from enrolling with their desired parameters.

This DoS attack can be sustained for a long period of time since the number of `enrollCourier` transactions will naturally be low, and the cost of the attack is minimal (approximately 47000 gas or $1.60 USD).

## Impact
The impact of this vulnerability is high. Frontends, wallets, and apps rely on the ability to become couriers and receive a cut for their referrals. If they are consistently blocked from enrolling due to malicious front-running, it's reasonable to conclude that fewer of them would integrate with or promote the platform. This would likely lead to reduced user onboarding and engagement, thereby harming the platform's adoption and growth.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-aloe/blob/main/aloe-ii/core/src/Factory.sol#L254-L266


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To mitigate this vulnerability, use a counter for the `id`. This removes the need for couriers to choose or calculate an ID, which makes the enrollment process simpler and removes the predictability factor, making it much harder to front-run.
Example:
```solidity
uint32 public nextAvailableId = 1;  

function enrollCourier(uint16 cut) external {
    require(cut != 0 && cut < 10_000, "Invalid cut");

    uint32 currentId = nextAvailableId;
    couriers[currentId] = Courier(msg.sender, cut);
    isCourier[msg.sender] = true;

    nextAvailableId++;  // Increment for next enrollment

    emit EnrollCourier(currentId, msg.sender, cut);
}
```
