Slow Indigo Woodpecker

medium

# Couriers can be cheated out of earning fees due to frontrunning
## Summary
Couriers can become victim to griefing attacks by front-running a user's first deposit.
This leads to a loss of earnings for the couriers.

## Vulnerability Detail
I'll describe the scenario with "Alice" as user, "griefing bot" as attacker and "Dapp" as courier.

Dapp wants to earn a portion of Alice's interest and registers as a courier through the `Factory.enrollCourier` function.

Let's imagine a scenario of Alice invoking her first `deposit` through the Dapp. The Dapp passes its `id` as a parameter to the `Lender.deposit` function in order to earn part of Alice's interest as a "referral fee".

A bot which wants to execute a griefing attack front-runs Alice's transaction and deposits 1 wei with Alice as beneficiary.

The griefing transaction sets Alice's initial balance through the [Lender._mint](https://github.com/aloelabs/aloe-ii/blob/c71e7b0cfdec830b1f054486dfe9d58ce407c7a4/core/src/Lender.sol#L466) function.
Afterward, Alice's transaction is being executed and since her balance is no longer zero, the [courier information is no longer updated](https://github.com/aloelabs/aloe-ii/blob/c71e7b0cfdec830b1f054486dfe9d58ce407c7a4/core/src/Lender.sol#L452-L456). This means the Dapp is not set as courier and won't earn any referral fee.

Another scenario is when Dapp has successfully set itself as a courier for Alice. However, at one point Alice redeems all her funds and sets her balance to zero.

Now the griefer can again deposit 1 wei setting Alice as beneficiary and set her courier to 0, disabling Dapp as a courier for Alice when Alice uses the Dapp to make a deposit again.

## Impact

The courier functionality is subject to manipulation by griefing attacks. This breaks the whole assumption that Dapps can earn a portion of user's interest.
In reality, it's straightforward to disable any courier and cheat them out of their earnings which is a loss for the couriers.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/aloelabs/aloe-ii/blob/c71e7b0cfdec830b1f054486dfe9d58ce407c7a4/core/src/Lender.sol#L452-L456

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Not everyone should be able to prevent setting the courier, i.e. there needs to be a way for Dapp to set the courier and not be vulnerable to front-running. 
How exactly to fix this issue is also related to how the courier feature will be changed in response to other issues.