High Tartan Scorpion

high

# Missing Account Health Verification During Liquidation
## Summary
The contract does not include a check to ensure that the borrower's account remains unhealthy at the time of liquidation, which could potentially allow for unintended liquidations.
## Vulnerability Detail
The contract's `Borrower` contract, specifically in the `liquidate` function, does not include the necessary check to confirm that the borrower's account is still in an unhealthy state at the time of liquidation. The `liquidate` function is responsible for liquidating a borrower's account. The absence of an account health verification step allows for the initiation of liquidation even if the account has already restored its health.
```solidity
uint256 slot0_ = slot0;
// Essentially `slot0.state == State.Ready`
require(slot0_ & SLOT0_MASK_STATE == 0);
slot0 = slot0_ | (uint256(State.Locked) << 248);
```
Without this account health verification step, there is a risk of unintended liquidations. For example, the borrower might receive a warning but subsequently take corrective actions to address their account's health. However, the liquidation process could still proceed due to the absence of the verification step, causing the borrower's assets to be liquidated when it is not necessary.
## Impact
Unintended liquidations, causing potential losses for both the borrower and the protocol.
## Code Snippet
(https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-aloe/blob/main/aloe-ii/core/src/Borrower.sol#L195-L198)
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Contract should be updated to include a verification step in the `liquidate` function. This verification step should confirm that the account is still in an unhealthy state at the time of liquidation