Striped Obsidian Spider

high

# Wrong method of calculating price of token1 in terms of token0 from the token0/token1 price
## Summary
When calculating the price(conversion rate) of an underlying asset of a UNiV3 pair, it is important to consider the decimal difference between the two assets. In borrower.sol#liquidate function, the decimals are not accounted for, leading to wrong conversion rates and wrong token amounts. 

## Vulnerability Detail
In the liquidate function, Line 261 calculates what is the amount of token1 required to be swapped into token0 to pay for liabilities0. ```available1```` is the required amount of token1 of the pool(asset1 from v3 pool) to be swapped but the formula of calculating amount of token1 from amount of token0 ie. liabilities0 is wrong. 

For example, consider the [USDC/ETH](https://etherscan.io/address/0x88e6a0c2ddd26feeb64f039a2c41296fcb3f5640#readContract) pool with token0 = USDC and token1 = WETH. The correct formula to calculate price of token1 in terms of token0 is = (1 / P) * 10 **(decimal1 - decimal0) [as explained here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hKhdQl126Ys&ab_channel=SmartContractProgrammer). where P is = (sqrtPriceX96 / 2^96)^2. Similarly when calculating price of token0 in terms of token1, P * 10**(decimals0 - decimals1)

In our code we have just square the price without considering the possible difference in the decimals of the assets. 
At the time of writing, sqrtPriceX96 = 1874308838782464172402084427795214, a quick calculation of the square and dividing by 2^96 would give a value of priceX128 = 559658544 (approx.) and liabilities0 is multiplied by this big number. Instead if the correct formula would have been used, liabilities0 * 0.00055965854  ie. liabilities0 * { P * 10 **(decimals0 - decimals1) = 559658544 * 10^-12 } would be the correct value. 

This leads to very high estimation of the available1 because in case of USDC/ETH pool, since USDC is the less valuable token, the amount of ETH required to cover the liabilities0 amount of USDC debt should have come out as smaller because of the value of ETH, but instead it can come out as very high because we have not noted the decimal difference. 

## Impact
High severity because this leads to very high overestimation of token1 assets required to swap for covering the liabilities10 amount of debt, which surpasses the available inventory as well as incentive1 for liquidators. This will either fail on the next line while transfering such a big amount, or if such an amount is available in the contract(in case the borrower held very large positions as the collaetral : which is then withdrawn during liquidation), it may lead to a large loss for the borrower because only liabilities0 is expected from the swap and repaid, while sending the whole large amount available1 to the callee at Line 265. 
Similar problem exists in the else clause and the same problem exists when checking amounts of assets and liabilities in ```BalanceSheet.isHealthy function``` 
 
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-aloe/blob/b60c21af24738d517941f18f7caa8c7272f771c5/aloe-ii/core/src/Borrower.sol#L261

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Correctly use the formula considering the possible difference in decimals of token0 and token1. See the linked video for details. 