Striped Obsidian Spider

high

# Borrower can lose fees from Uniswap Positions when an Aloe market is paused
## Summary
An aloe market can be paused for 30 minutes suspecting manipulation of the associated uniswap pool, and when it is paused a position cannot be modified. Now fees collection for the borrower contract's position is only possible via uniswapWithdraw which is not callable when market is paused. This poses a risk of borrower losing his large amounts of fees(especially when he has large positions).

## Vulnerability Detail
Borrowers with large position fees may lose fees when they have not collected fees in a long time and then the aloe market is paused. During the pause window, if the borrower's fees had grown to a large enough value before, it can be near and overflow type(uint128).max during the pause window and the borrower will not be able to collect the fees and hence overflowing will make the accrued fees very small. See overflow condition : See [v3-core-Position.sol](https://github.com/Uniswap/v3-core/blob/d8b1c635c275d2a9450bd6a78f3fa2484fef73eb/contracts/libraries/Position.sol#L83).

For the fees to grow, it has to be accrued via a mint or burn call. Suppose an attacker is monitoring a borrower contract which has large positions and is anticipated to earn large fees when collected, he accrues the fees in a zero liquidity mint call. Now even if the borrower notices this, he cannot frontrun this to collect his fees because the aloe market is paused and there is no way to collect the fees. 

Another problem is that the mechanism forces a borrower to withdraw his liquidity to be able to collect the already accrues fees (See Borrower.sol Line 548) and there is no other way to collect the fees. ( [pool.collect](https://github.com/Uniswap/v3-core/blob/d8b1c635c275d2a9450bd6a78f3fa2484fef73eb/contracts/UniswapV3Pool.sol#L498C60-L498C60) : msg.sender is required to call collect and our borrower contract has no other function available other than withdrawing all his liquidity)

The solution to all the above problems is to have a separate collectFees mechanism in place which is callable even if aloe market is paused. This is safe because pool.collect doesn't accrue new pending fees, it just collects the already stored fees. This way we will avoid forcing borrower to withdraw his Liquidity if he wants to collect fees, and he can colelct fees if it is going to overflow soon, even if the market is paused. 

## Impact
Clear Loss of fees to the borrower. Possibly, It can also impact the lender because fees is included in the aggregate asset balances used in paying the divergence loss and if it overflows while accruing, it will not get added in the aggregate asset balances. It can provide a safety to the repayment assets. 

Added to this, the chances of overflowing are even higher because it is forced to burn before collecting, the burn itself adds all underlying liquidity into tokensOwed0  and tokensOwed1. See [v3-core/Pool.sol](https://github.com/Uniswap/v3-core/blob/d8b1c635c275d2a9450bd6a78f3fa2484fef73eb/contracts/UniswapV3Pool.sol#L537)

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-aloe/blob/b60c21af24738d517941f18f7caa8c7272f771c5/aloe-ii/core/src/Borrower.sol#L320

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add a function to collect fees for the uniswap position usable anytime even if aloe market is paused. 