Slow Indigo Woodpecker

medium

# Governance should always be able to make liquidations profitable
## Summary
In cases where liquidation doesn't include a swap callback, i.e. [`shouldSwap=false`](https://github.com/aloelabs/aloe-ii/blob/c71e7b0cfdec830b1f054486dfe9d58ce407c7a4/core/src/Borrower.sol#L252) 
the only incentive for liquidators is the `ante` amount that is deposited by the borrowers inside the `Borrrower` contract.
Each pool is created with the `DEFAULT_ANTE` value, and the governance has the ability to step in and increase the `ante` up to its maximum value of `CONSTRAINT_ANTE_MAX` (0.1 ether).
Based on the previous gas prices even the `CONSTRAINT_ANTE_MAX` value is not enough to make liquidations profitable. 
This introduces the risk of bad debt in the system since Borrowers wouldn't get liquidated because liquidators would have to pay instead of getting paid to liquidate.

## Vulnerability Detail
When liquidation doesn't include a swap callback, the liquidator gets the `ante` amount deposited by the borrower in the `Borrower` contract.
Borrowers can open up to [3 Uniswap positions per `Borrowing` contract](https://github.com/aloelabs/aloe-ii/blob/c71e7b0cfdec830b1f054486dfe9d58ce407c7a4/core/src/libraries/Positions.sol#L23).

Majority of the gas used during execution of `liquidate` function is due to:
 - Reading prices from UniswapV3 pool
 - Withdrawing liquidity from each position
 - Repay the debt, i.e. transferring tokens.

The gas usage of the liquidate function can go up to 300k gas or more. 
If we do the math and consider a scenario of a highly congested network with gas prices of [400 gwei](https://etherscan.io/chart/gasprice), the total gas cost of the liquidator is 300k * 400 gwei which equals `0.12 ether`. 
This is higher than the `CONSTRAINT_ANTE_MAX` which is `0.1 ether` and would result in liquidators paying instead of getting paid to liquidate.
The consequence of this is extended periods of liquidations not happening and risk of bad debt accumulating in the system.

## Impact

Periods of high volatility are usually accompanied by high gas prices and congested network. This is also the time when liquidations are mostly likely to occur. 

Due to `CONSTRAINT_ANTE_MAX` not being enough to cover the gas costs of liquidators in such an environment there is a high risk of bad debt accumulating in the system. 

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/aloelabs/aloe-ii/blob/c71e7b0cfdec830b1f054486dfe9d58ce407c7a4/core/src/libraries/constants/Constants.sol#L77

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Increase the `CONSTRAINT_ANTE_MAX` to a value that is enough to cover the gas costs of liquidators during periods of extremely high gas prices.

`CONSTRAINT_ANTE_MAX = 0.5 ether` should be sufficient to cover worst case scenarios, 
and ensure that liquidations are profitable at some point during the 24-hour period, since IV calculation is based upon this time window.  