Bent Orchid Barbel

medium

# bad debt is not socialized
## Summary
Because bad debt is not socialized, last lenders will take all of them.
## Vulnerability Detail
In case if borrower position is unhealthy, then he can be liquidated. Protocol tries to predict when this will happen and do liquidations before bad debt has occured(position is insolvent). However it is still possible that prices will change very quickly in such way that bad debt will occur.

In this case only part of debt will be repaid to lenders. Let's check what that means.

When user calls `redeem`, then [`_convertToAssets` is called](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-aloe/blob/main/aloe-ii/core/src/Lender.sol#L189) to calculate amount that user can receive for his shares. It uses `inventory` and `totalSupply` to calculate it. Inventory is balance of contract + all borrowed amount + fees. So contract expects that all borrowed amount + fees will be repaid.

So in case if bad debt occurs it means that part of borrowed amount and fees will not be received back by Lender contract, however contract still calculates assets using outdated data.

As result this bad debt will create contract insolvency, which means that contract will not have enough balance to pay last redeemers.
## Impact
Bad debt is not distributed among all lenders
## Code Snippet
Provided above
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
You should track when position is closed with bad debt and then notify Lender contract that borrower will not be able to return part of funds. This shoud decrease borrowed amount, which will decrease share price and thus distribute that debt among all lenders.