Slow Indigo Woodpecker

medium

# Lender.sol: Frontrunning can make repayments fail
## Summary
The [`Lender.repay`](https://github.com/aloelabs/aloe-ii/blob/c71e7b0cfdec830b1f054486dfe9d58ce407c7a4/core/src/Lender.sol#L257-L287) function is used by Borrowers to repay loans.

It is required that the `amount` parameter is not greater than `maxRepay` which is the amount needed to repay the whole debt.

The problem is that anyone can front-run this function, repaying a tiny amount on behalf of the victim such that the victim's transaction will fail.

Given that Borrowers are supposed to execute money market strategies as Uniswap LPs, timing is critical.
At all times should the Borrowers be able to repay their full debt without any delays or failed transactions as this can lead to a loss of funds for them.

## Vulnerability Detail
A griefer just needs to wait for a Borrower to try to repay his full loan and then repay an arbitrarily small amount via the `Lender.repay` function with the Borrower set as `beneficiary`.

The Borrower's transaction will then fail.

## Impact
As described above, it is important for Borrowers to always be able to repay their full debt without any delays.
They should not become subject to such griefing attacks as speed is critical for them to execute profitable money market strategies with Uniswap V3.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/aloelabs/aloe-ii/blob/c71e7b0cfdec830b1f054486dfe9d58ce407c7a4/core/src/Lender.sol#L257-L287

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
A possible fix is to send any excess `amount` back to `msg.sender`.  

```solidity
uint256 amountToRefund = asset().balanceOf(address(this)) - cache.lastBalance;
```
