Oblong Lava Pig

medium

# possible loss of funds because of miscalculation in liablitites
## Summary

There is a possible loss of funds, because the borrower has the ability to call `modify` on an unhealthy position, which is not intended.

## Vulnerability Detail

The Borrower.sol contract has a view function called `getLiabilities` which is used to check the current debt with the 2 Lender contracts involved. 
This view function is used in several other functions to be used as the base for the `isHealthy` check, which determines if the current position is still healthy (meaning, there is enough collateral and no bad debt)

The incentive for the Lender, to provide liquidity, is that he receives interest on the provided assets. This interest is accrued over time. To persist the currently accrued interest in the Lender.sol contract, there are the internal `_load` and `_save` functions. Which will update the stored Interest to the actual accrued interest. These are called whenever one of the external functions (e.g. repay, deposit, borrow, redeem), are called on the Lender. 
Additionally there is a separate external function called `accrueInterest` which is only calling `_load` and `_save`.

Also, there are 2 different view functions to receive the current debt of a specific borrower.

- `borrowBalanceStored` which returns `The amount of `asset` owed by `account` before accruing the latest interest.` 
- `borrowBalance` which  returns `The amount of `asset` owed by `account` after accruing the latest interest.` 

The beforementioned `getLiabilities` function of the Borrower.sol contract is using the latter one of these. 
Therefore it is **not** including the latest accrued interest. 

For more frequently used markets, this is probably no issue as the lenders functions would be called regularly.

But, for less frequented markets there might arises a situation where the Lenders functions (including accrueInterest) are not called for a longer period of time, and therefore the stored `borrowBalance` is not updated with the latest interest. 

This can result in a situation, where the Borrower.sol contract is still in a healthy state, but in regards to the ignored interest it would actually be unhealthy and should be liquidated.

In this state, the owner of the borrower.sol contract still can call `modify` and do potential harmful actions, like withdrawing assets up onto the limit (which is not respecting the latest interest as debt), which would basically steal a part of the interest from the lender.

Also, at this point the position could only be liquidated, after the interest was accrued in the lender.sol

## Impact

- Borrower can still call modify with an unhealthy position and possibly bad debt
- Borrower can avoid paying interest to the lender (Loss of funds for the lender)

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-aloe/blob/main/aloe-ii/core/src/Borrower.sol#L527-L530

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-aloe/blob/main/aloe-ii/core/src/Ledger.sol#L212-L232

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-aloe/blob/main/aloe-ii/core/src/Borrower.sol#L314C54-L314C55

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-aloe/blob/main/aloe-ii/core/src/Borrower.sol#L325C50-L325C50


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Use the `borrowBalancedStored` instead or call the lenders `accrueInterest` before in  important functions of borrower (modify, warn, liquidate)